Note about security releases and LTS (#3071)
fastify/fastify: docs/LTS.md

A "month" is defined as 30 consecutive days.

> ## Security Releases and Semver
>
> As a consequence of providing long-term support for major releases, there
> are occasions where we need to release a breaking changes as a _minor_
> version release. Such changes will _always_ be noted in the
> [release notes](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/releases).
>

> > To avoid automatically updating to new patch releases we recommend using
> > a tilde (`~`) range qualifier. For example, to get patches for the 3.15
> > release, and avoid automatically updating to the 3.16 release, specify
> > the dependency as `"fastify": "~3.15.x"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To avoid automatically receiving breaking security updates we recommend
> using a tilde (`~`) range qualifier. For example, to get patches for the 3.15
> release, and avoid automatically updating to the 3.16 release, specify
> the dependency as `"fastify": "~3.15.x"`. We do not recommend this approach.
```

Author: > We do not recommend this approach

^ directly contradicts the first sentence in the paragraph:

> To avoid automatically receiving breaking security updates we recommend
> using a tilde (`~`) range qualifier.

Reviewer: I updated the comment

Author: I tweaked it a bit and committed. Please re-review.

A "month" is defined as 30 consecutive days.

> ## Security Releases and Semver
>
> As a consequence of providing long-term support for major releases, there

> > are occasions where we need to release a breaking changes as a _minor_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> are occasions where we need to release breaking changes as a _minor_
```
